A two-nine-stage code annotated title 18,
five and criminal procedures,
7-0-1-16-90.
Um, I have seven, nine, three.
Oh, you're a bit beyond my depth.
I don't have these numbers.
Well, I have to step down.
Whatever.
And as I understand that, I could also make
a illegal for any authorized person to retain
any such unauthorized information,
without delivering it to the officer
like the government in title to receive it.
No, I think you're right.
I think you're right.
Well, let me give you any authorized person you mentioned.
I'm also an authorized person.
Right.
I think that's the react.
Thank you.
You were present for you, not when Mrs.
Holley testified about the two-in-a-quarter-page document
before the two have been signed by Mr. Hoover.
I was privileged to meet Mr. Holley herself tonight.
Mrs. Holley testified that the two-in-a-quarter-page document
was more personal and confidential, the only assault.
I don't know.
How does one of these testimony speak for itself?
I very call it.
It's a sensory-led testimony.
I mean, I think it's a question.
Fun for you.
Mr. Holley testified that the two-in-a-quarter-page document
was more personal and confidential, the only assault.
And that the FBI, original memorandum,
was also more confidential, the only assault.
Did you say that was the only assault?
I don't know.
That's why I'm a fan of centers.
Therefore, there's a video there that reminds
of anyone who's serving documents
that they contain confidential information, which by law
does not be given to any unauthorized persons.
Is that right?
Any unauthorized persons?
Right.
Now, you testify, having to do with your informer,
I'm not asking to name him.
Will the unperson employed by our serving in New York?
I wait up in my testimony.
And he gave this two-in-a-quarter-page document to you.
Yes, and authorized chairman of an investigating committee.
If you were a person authorized to receive this document
under the law, there is no viable.
The violation of the law.
If you were not authorized to receive the document,
there is a violation.
And the sample is that, isn't it?
No, it doesn't.
It's not the same as that.
Number one, I'm authorized to receive.
And generally authorized of a duty to receive any evidence.
No, I have nothing to finish.
I honestly can't think you're authorized to receive.
I won't do this question, tell you.
No, no.
Sunday, this is the whole meat of this case.
Now, when you get into the question of secrecy versus giving
the American people a fact, the chairman of an investigating
committee has the duty to get evidence
of wrongdoing.
Everyone in the government under the law
has the right and the duty to give information
to the chairman of an investigating committee.
And when you have as you have here, the FBI doing just
a thorough job as a legitimate candidate,
extra white case, I believe.
Warning day after day after day,
that men with communist workers were in a secret way
and they were in a bad way.
I believe that there was no choice on the point of anyone
who knew of that information, but to give that
to the chairman of some committee who did.
The chairman of the Florida of the 8-mile question
and then repeat the answer.
The whole answer is in the whole question.
The whole question is in the question.
It's been done.
Well, the report of a searching for it
and while we have the opportunity,
I'll let you know.
If you are a person, author, I have to receive this document
under the law.
There are so violations of the law.
If you are not author, I have to receive the document.
It is a violation.
There is a sample of that as a listener.
No, it isn't a sample of that.
Another one.
I am author, I have to receive.
Not only author, I have to receive an evidence.
But it's been it.
So if you're silent and I don't correct you,
I have to receive the question.
May I relate to questions for you?
I have to send a comment.
No, Senator.
This is a whole new case when you get into the question
of secrecy versus getting your mat and feet
to the facts.
The chairman of the Investigative Committee has the duty to...
I have to receive.
The chairman of the Investigative Committee has the duty to get evidence
of wrongdoing.
Everyone in the government under the law has the right
and the duty to get information to the chairman of the Investigative Committee.
And when you have, as you have here, the FBI joined just to start a job
as they didn't have a clear case, I believe.
One day after day after day, that man with communist records
worked in the secret radar laboratories.
I believe that there was no choice on the part of anyone who knew
that information, but to give that to the chairman of the Investigative Committee.
And you, the fact that the senator's time has expired,
I would like to pass to anyone who has...
I would like to pass to everyone who has been informed by Colonel Murray
in respect to the senator signings and requests that the job
as the defense department would be much simplified
if we could have a list of the current information.
The governor, the governor, has been informed by Colonel Murray
in respect to the senator signings and requests
that the job as the defense department would be much simplified
if we could have a list of the names of the current employees
of the Senator's staff.
And if somebody can give instructions to give us those names,
promptly, we can be more specific and obeyed with the man
or at least with the death of the senator signings.
So the North American soldier, the governor,
the senator, all behind your death, be the death of the senator once.
Can you take care of those?
Mr. Ernesto, I'd like to ask the minister about this.
Mr. Cohn, you have ten minutes if you want to ask your client any questions.
All right, you're back. Mr. Wilson, Mr. Senkai, you're at ten minutes.
Senator, I was interested in the matter that Senator Jackson opened with you.
And I may be try well, but if I could just imagine I had a meeting with him now,
Senator Jackson was called away from the committee table
to attend the meeting of having a vote of the public works committee
and I was just going to ask you, sorry, not by the head of the notice that he had gone.
That would not happen every time.
You recall telling the senator that you got that two-and-a-quarter page document
sometimes presumably in April or May of 1953.
Well, I think those first.
And if we say this last, level one, was it not?
I don't think it's all a day, Senator.
It was a 51 document, was it not?
I think it was there sometime in 1961.
Yeah.
Now, of course you do when that document came, like that, out.
And I think you told the senator that when that document came into disrepresentation,
you were much disturbed.
That'll be cool, my testimony, but I certainly was concerned about it.
I think you used the word, disturbed.
I may have used that word.
And is that act with? And you were disturbed?
Yes, I'm always disturbed. My hear about coming us together.
Yes. And this, when you knew enough about Mama,
even then did all of that.
That this was disturbing news, didn't you?
I was disturbing news.
You also knew, Senator.
The statement was a brand new,
secretary of the army, didn't you?
Well, he was familiar to me at one of the best.
That's right.
And you were pretty testified here that one of the very first acts
that he did on taking office was to instigate a review
or a review and a security situation throughout the army.
No, I think everybody said that he asked the FBI to conduct an investigation.
That was on April 10th, sir.
Of course, it was completely unnecessary because they had sufficient information
of which act, number one, number two, number two,
it is the job of Army intelligence. They now have the information.
Well, even if the FBI is aware,
it was not until April 10th, the FBI, the FBI,
in making investigations.
You would call that test.
I believe that it's not.
Now, whether it's necessary or not,
it's always a very wonderful idea if you're disturbed about security
or safety to have the FBI go into the mask.
I think that the following of the FBI and the FBI
have sufficient information of which act.
When you know it's right side, it's on the file.
There's a great way of setting an effort.
There was sufficient information in the files on April 10th.
To suspend all those who are suspended after our hearings are called.
Now, I am directing your attention to another patient evidence.
And that is at almost instantly on taking off.
Secretary Steven sent for the appropriate officers
and had everything on the security situation
so that he could be sure he could get the wheel going
under his administration to do everything possible
to protect the Army and the country in that area.
Do you remember his phone test file?
I don't recall.
I'm going to get a test of many cases.
I'll test them right now.
Now, you go back to your work that served.
You were, I think you were great with me.
The moment you saw the truly quite a safe document,
you were disturbed. Is that right?
Yes, I say.
All of the documents are here but try and find out.
And you were disturbed with the safety of the country.
Something else.
You knew from the date on that document
that it had been in the files of the Army for some time,
did you know?
That's very very impressive.
And you certainly knew another person,
so we have a record straight.
We talked about that document.
The document which I received, you understand,
was a resume, a plan,
according to the testimony here of an FBI report.
Now, whether that resume was made and circulated,
to verify if the documents are not,
or whether the original documents are circulated,
at this time I think they don't know.
Now, you do, of course,
that when Secretary Steven became Secretary of the Army,
that he had a multitude of doings to perform, didn't you?
Did you remember, did he?
And you knew as someone familiar with Washington
that it was just incredible that he would be able
to locate himself with the file, quickly.
He has a great number of men who are giving that document.
The Secretary is the administrator in the office.
He's got you, Senator.
You're Senator.
You're Senator as soon as you saw that document.
And as soon as you were discovered by it,
we're in a position whereby the use of the telephone alone,
you could have said to Mr. Steven,
Mr. Secretary, I don't know how busy you are, Domino.
Or how much you've got to do.
But I had some information about possible circumstances,
so very soon to the Fourth Amendment,
and I think you ought to have it.
You could have done that.
Couldn't you send it?
I could have followed Secretary, Secretary.
I could have followed it.
Or you could have gone and seen.
I could have gone and seen him.
I could have followed him.
Yes.
And either one of those would have been a simple,
courteous gesture on your file.
Would it not?
It would have been very, very simple,
and a courteous gesture.
For the case, the concern with the point is,
after the information was given to the Secretary of the stratums,
they took our hearing,
they took public hearings,
they get rid of these into that too.
Oh, there were no secret caps from the Secretary.
Mr. Adams is a lot of sit-in on every executive session.
He was given all the information we had.
It was only after hearing for help that the investigation started
that there was suspension.
One, I'm talking about April Armae.
I know what you're saying.
When you are disturbed,
at the situation at Mama,
you remember what I'm talking about.
Do you know?
April Armae.
You don't know April Armae, go ahead.
Yes.
When you were disturbed.
What happened to you?
I'm not the situation at Mama.
You've told me many other situations.
Yes, but you're disturbed.
That one.
Thank you.
You're a person of a bad life.
Right.
And I'm saying to you that it would have been a simple
and let's say I think you're an ingestier.
You say to this new Secretary of the Army,
Mr. Secretary,
there's something you've not enough you may not know about.
It's got me disturbed and I crease you to know.
You've heard of said that.
Couldn't be the Secretary.
I've got a talk to the Secretary.
And we've put up in months, weeks and months ahead
of the time that we were in the news.
When this hearing comes about doing something about Mama.
No.
Don't you know it's going to carry that.
It's the Secretary that maybe knows it.
Let's just have to spike it out.
No.
If there's a Secretary of the Army, no.
It's a security risk anywhere.
That he can be put under surveillance for a moment.
He knows it.
Mr.
Mr. Wilson.
That's the question.
You know it's a Secretary of the Army.
It's about any suspected surveillance.
The Mama he knows he's made.
What they're about to show her on your...
The Fifth Amendment coming to throw.
Was promoted.
Given unable to judge.
Fairfable.
Twatch dizzy.
We're been trying for months and months.
Forgetting me such a thing, the name of those who responsible.
I hope you'll let him get those names.
Now, if you try to create the impression of all I have got to do
is call up ahead of a bureau and tell him there's something wrong
in his department.
But it's not my tap.
I do not give any secrets from the various departments.
I have found over the past few years that a great waste of time
to find a third house waiting up on my head to the various departments.
But the only way that we can accomplish anything is by letting the American people know what's happening
then we can force action.
Now, as of this moment, keep in mind Mr. Welk.
We are still trying to get the names of that old human loyalty board
who sent men with terminus records.
Men with them found on-sits to serve in the radar laboratories, sent them back to Fort Mama.
Now, you're trying to create the impression I can really call up and say
there's something wrong here.
So, if I do a tentative, if you give the American people a five,
I'm going to keep on doing that.
Mr. Report, and would you be good enough to raise the tentative request
and I just ask him and would you listen to what is its right?
So, I always look to you as well.
The file is ready for you.
Would you listen to the question?
Do you know that the secretary of the Army, for any suspected subversive under surveillance,
the number he knows his name?
In the near last question, Senator.
I heard the question.
Now, do you know that the secretary of the Army can put any suspect into the bird?
Under surveillance, the law, he knows his name.
She was a time spy, but I'm not sure.
First, the women after they second they can put them on under surveillance.
Get up to that surprise. That's the way up.
I did hear this.
The new question is whether or not the secretary can put them on under surveillance,
I say the secretary would have answered the matter.
Don't you?
Go ahead.
Um, five seconds.
Five.
Chair, a few questions would like to say that over the weekend,
and during the two days of Mr. Kyle was testify,
and the chair has gone through these various documents, specifications,
charges, and counter charges, and statements to facts,
and as much as the testimony that was previously given by Simon McCalfey
as he could in an effort to find out, and to anew in the end,
whether we had overlooked any pages of questions which should be cleaned up.
And I'm aware of the fact that Senator McCalfey is going to follow his
customer practice that he has followed, including the hearings of taking the so-called
McCarthy, Carl Cohn, Dr. Minton, interrogate Senator McCalfey about that,
as he is until again at the other witnesses.
I have raised at least two points, possibly three or four points,
so the other side of this specification signed by Joseph N. Wilk,
on behalf of Adam's students, led it in for 13th.
Do you have a copy of that before you and your other,
or whether or not you have one?
But you turn the page three.
I believe that there is already testimony in the records about
your answer to the child starting on the bottom of page two.
Number of eight, in which it is alleged on the number six,
that Cohn, McCarthy, and Carl, McCarthy, Mr. Cohn,
and that's the car.
Subtool of the range and assignment for a day in time,
which will enable him to check on the textbooks at work point.
Have you been asked question about that?
I think that specific thing has been covered,
but I am not sure I would like to head your testimony on.
That has been covered, I would like to do it again,
one of those.
This is that piece of art.
I will point to you, particularly.
Well, now, I thought of the worst point phase of this,
was the least important.
We had information from clients that terminus-boying books
for being used and doctorate,
and the military, especially intelligence,
and other vineyards in the Army War College.
Some reports about the worst point of the life,
I haven't seen very little,
time for information regarding the worst point I must have met.
The secretary discussed with me, I think, today,
was the 14th of January,
which is the day that he, before he went to the quarry,
he came over to the car alarms with tell.
We had a general discussion about what to be done about this subject,
the difficulty of the committee,
going into it,
or they're not that well-wouldn't be a job,
but we could do it himself.
To shorten the...
Then he just got signed, I have to connect to next.
In the church testimony,
the secretary Stevens brought up the matter of an assignment of sign,
or the level to suggest and may have,
the part of the three of you, the sign being assigned to him.
The secretary of the Stephen's Grands Bay,
that Mr. Cullen, Mr. Cullen,
went up close by today.
And I may have been able to turn them into...
I believe we're talking about a different date than the MacKackie,
just date, I think, is November...
November 6th.
So, November 6th?
Assembly, I don't recall the justification number eight,
and I'm not aware of any of the bottom seats.
I was talking about the...
You were talking about the Caroline's, the Federal League.
I believe November was the luncheon in the office of Secretary Stevens.
I recall a very little term of inflation,
but what's the sign on that day?
The...
Me, to the Congressional,
I think, that they had to do with...
Well, they're not going to call off the hearings of the...
Congressional, I think, no.
What if this later?
There's some confusion about the date,
did it at any time?
You or to hear now, Mr. Cullen, suggest and sign the...
You need to be snowing very duty for purposes of making a study of...
co-command textbooks in the art.
No.
No, but...
And, Ferneth, Mr. Stevens, let me say that.
Mr. Stevens and I discussed a number of occasions that I saw,
but specifically the Caroline and the Federal, meaning the problem of...
Communist textbooks,
I mean, you're indoctrination,
material and indoctrination for sports,
stuff of the Army worked all day.
And, oh, we discussed the wisdom of...
I feel getting a team of competent people.
Thank you.
Do make a study of that subject,
and see, until the fact,
it would be very...
Now, the way that he was discussed,
was that your testimony that it was discussed,
and the time and the item was initiated by Secretary Stevens,
and there's no effort,
it was made on your part to get signed,
and sign that I just...
No, no, no, no, that's the test.
Now, I was at the background,
and I was at the end of the study,
last line of that child,
if I look at the type of page three,
because I think no question has been asked about this.
And Mr. Wilson's specification is fair.
These requests were coupled with promises reasonably to limit,
or to terminate the subjectivity,
hearing and whacknack.
And I want to find out,
what promises did you or Mr. Carl or Mr. Cohen make individually,
or collectively, to limit,
or terminate the subjectivity here?
Mr. Chairman, there was never any promise made of any...
there was never any promise made of any kind.
We made it very clearly,
Chairman, Mr. Adams,
that Mr. Shiam had...
nothing whatsoever to do,
with calling his hearings on,
calling them off.
Mr. Shiam's induction in no way affects us.
In one eye,
the investigation has come to see him in the military.
So, the year before the money,
this statement in Mr. Wilson's specifications,
these across the couple of his promises...
reasonably to limit or to terminate some committee hearings on,
thought man mounted and inaccurate statements.
Completely false, Mr. Chairman.
Both eyes to limitation of hearings,
and as in termination of hearings.
Completely false, and I might say, Mr. Chairman,
I think very insulting to tonight,
that, given my staff, when I would call off exposure of treasors,
in order to get a favor for some five of meerkings.
Number one, the hearing,
we're never called off,
until they file these charges.
That result may have been called off.
Number two,
according to General Ryan, Shiam never got any favorites.
For the best America election,
there has been no questions about that particular sentence
and the specifications.
It seems to deal with the same general,
and subject matter is the...
press statement which has never issued from Fort Manman.
But it refers to a different occasion.
And you are quite sure that no such promise
or an implication of promise is made.
Very definitely, Mr. Chairman,
and I...
Thank you.
Right now, Mr. Chair.
Now to return to page four of the wealth specifications,
item 14.
There is this statement, the last statement in the paragraph.
Private Cheyenne was absent from Fort Dick's,
on such special persons.
On occasions when, in fact,
he did no work on behalf of this subcommittee.
Is there testimony in the record?
Is there information available for you?
There is a proof that Mr. Shiam was absent on occasions
when he did no work for this subcommittee.
Mr. Chairman, this is just one of those statements
which have fallen for lack of proof.
There's been no proof on behalf of...
You know, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Adams,
Mr. Wells, that Mr. Chair.
The Chair has looked through the record trying to find that.
It's in the patent possible of course that Mr. Wells
is in the question of his interlocutories.
While he changed his own progress,
may he introduce such evidence.
But the Chair was concerned because he could not remember
any specific testimony under oath,
as to occasions when Private Cheyenne was absent
on special passes,
when it was true that he was not working on behalf of the subcommittee.
And if there is such evidence available,
I think he would be very pertinent to this case.
At least it would be pertinent from the standpoint
of whether or not the Army had been branding him preferential
treatment or whether or not he had deceptively
been able to get passives in order to de-seize the Army.
And so there is evidence available,
I think, that should be introduced during the question of hearing.
No, I agree with the Chair.
Senator McCartney, do you have ten minutes?
Senator McCartney, during the course of these hearings,
I have tried to be impartial and impartial in the performance
of my duties.
I hope I succeeded.
And I shall continue to try to be a good girl.
You made a statement while I was low that I have made some statement
in a speech.
About your being put in jail or being in battle,
do you have any other instruments for that?
Senator signing my first interview of Uplands.
I have an interview with the record.
In the record, I will sign up for the welcome.
I will be back in a few minutes.
Okay, here.
539-15.
Do you want to cut the left on it?
I don't need it.
I say, I'm just going to switch to Senator the other day and I think
to stand the first year old's, but what or not I should give up the land
of this young man who gave the dinner to me at the FBI files.
Do you want to read a story of the paper about two or three days later?
And again, I said, you know, hold your responsible points for news reports.
This committee has enough information.
Your statement has a report of what's with the effect.
But you thought perhaps not only the man who gave me this information about tenure,
but also Senator McTarty, nice big guilty of a crime.
Senator McTarty, I repeat that statement, sir.
I do not believe you can receive information that is obtained by a criminal medium
and hold it in your possession without the probability of you two being guilty of a crime.
Can I say, if anyone wants to indict me, they can go out a hat,
son of a thorn, so this is a matter of legal opinion,
but this is not for a strict information if you have a man for the committee.
Senator, I ask you act like that.
If anyone is reading that, we would understand that you had taken the position
that I was number one, this information was obtained by criminal means, which is untrue.
And number two, that I would give you the crime for having taken it.
I feel that it is closely untrue, son of a thorn.
I have hope.
And do you know we worked together for a week?
Well, for a week or a year, I have hope that you might correct that direction,
because if it stands in effect for the first time under our beliefs, I think you agree with me.
In effect for the first time that if today comes,
let the Democrats take over the son of the thorn becomes the chairman.
That's an important point.
In effect, you say that no one can give me information about what I'm doing in government,
because it is stamped with the stamp secret confidential restrict.
Now, Senator, may I say, I think you are real slate, but honest slate, in error.
If you are a right son of a thorn, that means that if I am in a job in the executive department,
that's the entertainment department.
If I am bezel, just the 100,000, half a million dollars, is my stamp all the documents,
secret top secret confidential.
It means no one can ever tell the Congress about that.
And I think that the United should be on the same side of this slate, Senator.
I think you and I should be on the side of attempting to give the American people all the information.
So long as the dozen number one gives out the names of any informants,
makes public any investigative technique, or no way in danger is the national security.
But I'm sure Senator that you will agree with me that we've gone to a ridiculous point, both aside that.
For the last number of years, in not worrying about the national security,
but rather the information that might affect the security of some job board.
And I say thank you directly to the right people that I made a speech.
And you want to know what I have in it?
Senator, I ask you about the speech that you have defeated.
I said your statement.
I want you to reflect through in the speech.
I said your statement has it as code.
Isn't that what you are saying?
I have yet to know.
I'll ask you about the speech.